README.md, before:


#  Moonshot | Project 8

***House Keeping***

Index for Checklist:

    [ ] = TO-DO
    [x] = COMPLETED

Examples of completing a part or section:

    "Part 2 complete"
    "Section 2.1 finished"

______
Project 8 Specifications:

Part 1: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/39

- [x] 1. Moonshot: Introduction
- [x] 2. Resizing images to fit the screen using GeometryReader
- [x] 3. How ScrollView lets us work with scrolling data
- [x] 4. Pushing new views onto the stack using NavigationLink
- [x] 5. Working with hierarchical Codable data
- [x] 6. How to lay out views in a scrolling grid



Part 2: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/40
- [x] 1. Loading a specific kind of Codable data
- [x] 2. Using generics to load any kind of Codable data
- [x] 3. Formatting our mission view



Part 3: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/41
- [x] 1. Showing mission details with ScrollView and GeometryReader
- [x] 2. Merging Codable structs
- [x] 3. Finishing up with one last view


Part 4: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/42 
- [ ] 1. Add the launch date to MissionView, below the mission badge. You might choose to format this differently given that more space is available, but it’s down to you.
- [ ] 2. Extract one or two pieces of view code into their own new SwiftUI views – the horizontal scroll view in MissionView is a great candidate, but if you followed my styling then you could also move the Rectangle dividers out too.
- [ ] 3. For a tough challenge, add a toolbar item to ContentView that toggles between showing missions as a grid and as a list.


------
# Credits
Information for astronauts and missions was provided by wikipedia (according to [prompt](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/loading-a-specific-kind-of-codable-data))

------

Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa].

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

check'd off challenge #2 AND added note for challenge #3

README.md, after:


#  Moonshot | Project 8

***House Keeping***

Index for Checklist:

    [ ] = TO-DO
    [x] = COMPLETED

Examples of completing a part or section:

    "Part 2 complete"
    "Section 2.1 finished"

______
Project 8 Specifications:

Part 1: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/39

- [x] 1. Moonshot: Introduction
- [x] 2. Resizing images to fit the screen using GeometryReader
- [x] 3. How ScrollView lets us work with scrolling data
- [x] 4. Pushing new views onto the stack using NavigationLink
- [x] 5. Working with hierarchical Codable data
- [x] 6. How to lay out views in a scrolling grid



Part 2: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/40
- [x] 1. Loading a specific kind of Codable data
- [x] 2. Using generics to load any kind of Codable data
- [x] 3. Formatting our mission view



Part 3: https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/41
- [x] 1. Showing mission details with ScrollView and GeometryReader
- [x] 2. Merging Codable structs
- [x] 3. Finishing up with one last view


Part 4 | Challenges : https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/42 
- [ ] 1. Add the launch date to MissionView, below the mission badge. You might choose to format this differently given that more space is available, but it’s down to you.
- [x] 2. Extract one or two pieces of view code into their own new SwiftUI views – the horizontal scroll view in MissionView is a great candidate, but if you followed my styling then you could also move the Rectangle dividers out too.
    - Already refactor'd and moved into their own struct view
- [ ] 3. For a tough challenge, add a toolbar item to ContentView that toggles between showing missions as a grid and as a list.
    - Note:
        - Use enum, and use Case to use either list or grid 

------
# Credits
Information for astronauts and missions was provided by wikipedia (according to [prompt](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/loading-a-specific-kind-of-codable-data))

------

Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa].

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
